hey guys welcome to another video so
just an update my last video I showed
you guys my mess of history of
microphones and so I went to the store
after work today and I went to look for
a microphone and those guys they really
love me because between my headset
microphones that i buy from home and the
microphones that I break every so often
from twisting it at work I go there
about every once a month to get a new
headphone so I went there and I did a
little research I spent like an hour and
a half in that store just at the
headphone section and first I looked at
the logitech USB wireless headset that
looked good until I read the reviews of
the battery life lasting for about two
to two and a half hours so I you know
toss the idea out the window the next
one I looked at was uh what was it
called fatality I it looked like a very
nice headset the only thing is it didn't
use a USB cable it used these adapters
and for me I guess my sound card can't
really can't really use these to their
full potential and so I couldn't really
use that the next one I looked at was
the logitech g35 they were a 7.1 Dolby
surround sound headset and it seemed
like they had a pretty decent microphone
attached to them as well so I went
online on my iPhone and I looked at
reviews for those some very good reviews
until I found the review saying that
somehow the microphone was messed up
because of the surround sound of the
headset so that
when do so that lastly what I settled on
was the steelseries Serbia headset with
a USB key drive was a key Tribeca forget
what it was called but USB connector
drive or something and that had some
very good reviews first microphone and I
searched online for those reviews for a
while and I couldn't find anything
really bad that people said about it
it's all good things so then I decided
to get it so I grabbed it and I went to
the counter but before I did that I
asked a salesperson who I guess was the
audio guru in that store and asked them
the best a headset for the microphone
and what did the guy tell me he says
well they're pretty much all the same
whether you get any USB ones from you
know $12 $200 the frequency is all the
same there's no high and low you need
like a dedicated microphone so an hour
and a half spent for nothing so what do
you pointed me towards was this big it
their podcasts to do at first I was a
little put off by how big this thing is
it's like 15 pounds heavy until I saw
the price it was about a hundred and
change 111 and the headset I had in my
hand the steelseries Serbia that one was
a hundred dollars so an extra you know
ten fifteen dollars would get me this
instead and I could be completely
positive about the audio quality that it
would record so I got this and now i am
going to unbox it
so we have a microphone stand we have
audio adapters which connects to USB for
the computer not sure you can see that
through the bag we have a soundboard
mixer maybe I'll start a podcast we have
a pair of headphones adapter cables and
connecting to the microphone and the
microphone itself so for my next video
I'll be using this and you guys can see
just how good the quality will be I bet
I know how good it'll be it'll be a
hundred and fifteen dollars worth of
quality there's something else I don't
know what this box did but oh just the
power supply well okay and I got USB
drivers and as well as some programs all
right can't wait to test this out so
guys that's it for this video thank you
very much for watching and take care
total next time